doc: add a page explaining storage class parameters (#762)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/volumes-and-nodes/storage-class-parms.md

Reviewer: In general, I suggest we move this to https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/storage-class-settings and make it like https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/settings/ as much as possible. (Its content feels very similar to the content of that page.)

Reviewer: I'm thinking a lot of these setting references could use links to other places in the documentation. Maybe this would limit the amount of extra information we have to maintain here?

Reviewer: There are a number of parameters not yet covered by this document. In retrospect, I'm thinking I am reviewing an early draft? If so, sorry to drop so many comments on you!

https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/19e8fefd3ace7fb66c3f3521fc471b60a829b155/examples/storageclass.yaml#L9-L23

---
title: Storage Class Settings
weight: 3
---

## Overview

Storage Class as a resource object has a number of settable parameters.  See also [Kubernetes Storage Class](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes).  
Most of the ones in this list are specific to Longhorn's driver.  A few are common to all Kubernetes storage classes:

> ### Default Class

Reviewer: If I am not mistaken, whether a StorageClass is default or not is controlled by a label, not a field. We should make this explicit or (and this may actually be my preference) simply not document it since the Kubernetes docs already handle it fine.

Set this Storage Class as the default for dynamic (Kubernetes-driven) volume creation.  
Type: Boolean  
Notes: This should only be true for one StorageClass object.  If not, either all volume creations will fail, or else one of the competing defaults will be chosen, and it may be hard to predict which one.  

> ***(Which is it?  Give this a try.)***

Reviewer: I'm sure you are planning on cleaning this up. Commenting here so we don't forget.

### Provisioner
Specifies the plugin that will be used for dynamic creation of persistent volumes.  For Longhorn, that is always "driver.longhorn.io"

### Reclaim Policy
Define what happens to a persistent volume when released from its claim (PVC), when the claim is deleted, say.  This is strictly a Kubernetes setting.  Longhorn itself does not validate the setting nor make any decisions based on it.  
Type:  Enumeration, either "Delete" or "Retain".  
Notes:  This is a two-valued enumeration rather than a Boolean because there was a third setting, "Recycle", which is deprecated and should be avoided.

> ## Longhorn-specific Parameters

Reviewer: Should we clarify that the previous settings were appropriate top level, but that these exist within the parameters field?

```
topLevelSetting:
topLevelSetting:
parameters:
  longhornSetting:
```

> Note that some of these parameters also exist and may be specified in global settings.  Which one is used in a specific instance will depend on whether a volume is created via Kubernetes or the UI.

Reviewer: Since this document is specifically about StorageClass parameters, I suggest:

```suggestion
Note that some of these parameters also exist and may be specified in global settings.  When a volume is provisioned with Kubernetes against a particular StorageClass, StorageClass parameters override these global settings.
```

> ### Replica Count

Reviewer: I'm thinking we need to be careful about the name we use here. For example, the actual storage class setting we recognize is `numberOfReplicas`, which does not appear in this text.

  - If the backing image does not exist, Longhorn will use this field to create one.  Otherwise, Longhorn will use it to verify the selected backing image.
  - For backing image creation with data source type \"upload\", it is recommended to do it via UI rather than StorageClass here. Uploading requires file data sending to the Longhorn backend after the object creation, which is complicated if you want to handle it manually.  
- **Backing Image DataSource Parameters**  
  Specify the data source parameters for the backing image to be used.  
  Type:  String with JSON map. e.g., '{\"url\":\"https://backing-image-example.s3-region.amazonaws.com/test-backing-image\"}'.  
  Notes:
  - If the backing image name is not specified, setting this field is meaningless.
  - If the backing image does not exist, Longhorn will use this field to create one.  Otherwise, Longhorn will use it to verify the selected backing image.
  - Be careful of the quotes here.

### Remove Snapshots During Filesystem Trim
Allow automatically removing snapshots during filesystem trim for this Longhorn storage class.  
Type: Enumerated string, one of "ignored" (default), "enabled", or "disabled".  

> Notes:  This seems like it overlaps the global setting `Remove Snapshots During Filesystem Trim`, and it does.  The idea is the same, but one key difference is that the global is a Boolean, and this one an enumeration.  This one sets a policy for all volumes created with this storage class.  The setting "enabled" means always allow it, "disabled" means never allow it, and "ignored" (the default) means the global setting should be used.   See more in [Trim Filesystem](../trim-filesystem).

Reviewer 2: You can add a refer link to the setting. Then there is no need to explain how this field works.
